Hello Missouri students and welcome to the first section in the simulated course.
In this section I'm going to introduce to you the concepts of modelling and simulation.
So let's get started modelling and simulations are ways to understand the world around us through creativity
and imagination grocery types of modelling physical mathematical and process physical model physical
model the one who looks or feels like the real thing.
This could be a toy statue or the drawings for a house mathematical model.
This medical model is the one that uses mathematical symbols and relations to describe some think for
example the equation used to describe the motion of the car's suspension a certain type of models the
process model described the steps we need to follow to get something done.
It could be as simple as a To Do list or a computer flowchart was these three types of models we can
model anything systems equipments people even behaviors just like there are three types of models there
are three types of simulations live virtual and constructive a life simulation is the one that involves
real people operating real systems just like practicing for pull or soldiers simulating military maneuvers
virtual simulation who are real people operates simulated systems like flight simulators or drive simulators
constructive simulations constructive simulation who are simulated people operate simulated programs
people provides inputs in this situation and the simulation tell us what might happen this section will
be related to modeling we will learn the fundamentals of modelling some types of systems like mechanical
electrical and hydraulic we will look at polls most medical models and process models using plug diagrams
some physical concepts will be explained.